readme.md, before:


# Insight Updates

This Flask application allows users to monitor specified websites for changes. When a change is detected, users are notified via `Notyf` notifications, and the last checked time is dynamically updated without reloading the page. This setup uses AJAX to make seamless requests to the server and display the notifications.

## Features

- **Website Monitoring**: Check for content changes on specified websites.
- **Real-Time Notifications**: Display changes using `Notyf` notifications in a user-friendly way.
- **AJAX Updates**: Avoid page reloads when checking for updates, improving the user experience.


## Prerequisites

- **Python 3.8+**
- **Flask**: `pip install flask`

## Project Structure

```
project-directory/
├── static/
│   ├─
│   │  styles.css          # Custom styles for the app
│   ├  script.js # For button handling 
│   │  notifications.js    # JavaScript for Notyf and AJAX handling
├── templates/
│   ├── index.html              # Main HTML template
├── app.py                      # Main Flask application file
└── README.md                   # Project documentation
```

## Usage

1. **Adding a Website**:
   - On the main page, add a website URL and a selector (optional) to monitor specific elements on the page.

2. **Checking for Changes**:
   - Click on the "Check for Changes" button next to a website entry. This sends an AJAX request to the Flask backend to check for any updates on the website.
   - If changes are detected, a notification will appear, and the "Last Checked" time will be updated dynamically.
3. **Show Content**:
    - Allows a Notyf to show the previous saved content of the page



## Future Enhancements

- **Dynamic Content Update**: Automatic updates at regular intervals, eliminating the need to manually click a button every few hours.
- **Flexible Grouping and Item Organization**: Easily reorder both groups and their contained items to suit your preferences.

Commit message:

Updated about local storage for order and persistance

readme.md, after:


# Insight Updates

This Flask application allows users to monitor specified websites for changes. When a change is detected, users are notified via `Notyf` notifications, and the last checked time is dynamically updated without reloading the page. This setup uses AJAX to make seamless requests to the server and display the notifications.

## Features

- **Website Monitoring**: Check for content changes on specified websites.
- **Real-Time Notifications**: Display changes using `Notyf` notifications in a user-friendly way.
- **AJAX Updates**: Avoid page reloads when checking for updates, improving the user experience.
- **Persistance Local Storage**: User changes on order of groupings or if toggle of groupings is showing is local to the machine.


## Prerequisites

- **Python 3.8+**
- **Flask**: `pip install flask`

## Project Structure

```
project-directory/
├── static/
│   ├─
│   │  styles.css          # Custom styles for the app
│   ├  script.js # For button handling 
│   │  notifications.js    # JavaScript for Notyf and AJAX handling
├── templates/
│   ├── index.html              # Main HTML template
├── app.py                      # Main Flask application file
└── README.md                   # Project documentation
```

## Usage

1. **Adding a Website**:
   - On the main page, add a website URL and a selector (optional) to monitor specific elements on the page.

2. **Checking for Changes**:
   - Click on the "Check for Changes" button next to a website entry. This sends an AJAX request to the Flask backend to check for any updates on the website.
   - If changes are detected, a notification will appear, and the "Last Checked" time will be updated dynamically.
3. **Show Content**:
    - Allows a Notyf to show the previous saved content of the page



## Future Enhancements

- **Dynamic Content Update**: Automatic updates at regular intervals, eliminating the need to manually click a button every few hours.
- **Flexible Grouping and Item Organization**: Easily reorder both groups and their contained items to suit your preferences.
